in the superhero film costumes are
always here to make a break Alex Byrne
who did the first film brilliantly is
doing this one the joy of returning to a
project is that you can take what you've
learned and then you can remove junk
there are going to be moments where we
don't want people in there for superhero
so they need to have something that
feels practical it feels like it's some
tactical gear so I started working with
under armour to develop over which part
it's a very complicated tubular net that
we were working this amazingly crafted
and then they made a couple and then
sheet then tailored it to like my body
shape my shoulders and she's genius like
to see something a little bit new but at
the same time we want to know when they
show up who this guy
this time it's my third time rap with a
girl costume it gets a little bit more
comfortable lifestyle this one is the
best versions over it's some big costume
it's not jeans and t-shirt sort of
rigging result of movements of a metal
work I think Chris looks great
a pub Black Widow to give her small
tricks she likes up now for the first
time we had a team of electricians in
our department that she has different
moves over often stand out in front in
this film we're introducing Scarlet
Witch and we need to do its part mafia
in Eastern Europe and we need to believe
that they were orphaned children living
there and then gradually moved them
towards their superhero observers
organization necessarily start out being
bestest friends of the Avengers they
really are there to make things harder
in the time
you